README.md, before:

# Pokédex Web Application

A modern web application built with React and Vite that allows users to browse, search, and view detailed information about Pokémon using data fetched from the [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/).

## Features

- **Pokédex Browsing**: Browse through a paginated list of Pokémon, viewing 24 Pokémon per page.
- **Search Functionality**: Search for Pokémon by name or National Pokédex number.
- **Pokémon Details**: View detailed information about each Pokémon, including its image, types, height, weight, abilities, and base stats.
- **Responsive Design**: The application is fully responsive and works well on both desktop and mobile devices.
- **Modern UI**: Uses Framer Motion for smooth transitions and animations, and Recharts for data visualization.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: React, React Router, Framer Motion, Recharts
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Deployment**: GitHub Pages

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pokedex.git
   cd pokedex
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.

## Deployment

To deploy the application to GitHub Pages, run:

```bash
npm run deploy
# or
yarn deploy
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/) for providing the Pokémon data.
- [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/) for animations.
- [Recharts](https://recharts.org/) for data visualization.

Commit message:

Refactor deployment instructions and update routing for GitHub Pages compatibility. Added SPA handling script in index.html, modified README for deployment clarity, and adjusted routes in AnimatedRoutes and Cards components.

README.md, after:

# Pokédex Web Application

A modern web application built with React and Vite that allows users to browse, search, and view detailed information about Pokémon using data fetched from the [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/).

## Features

- **Pokédex Browsing**: Browse through a paginated list of Pokémon, viewing 24 Pokémon per page.
- **Search Functionality**: Search for Pokémon by name or National Pokédex number.
- **Pokémon Details**: View detailed information about each Pokémon, including its image, types, height, weight, abilities, and base stats.
- **Responsive Design**: The application is fully responsive and works well on both desktop and mobile devices.
- **Modern UI**: Uses Framer Motion for smooth transitions and animations, and Recharts for data visualization.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: React, React Router, Framer Motion, Recharts
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Deployment**: GitHub Pages

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pokedex.git
   cd pokedex
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.

## Deployment

The application is configured to work with any repository name on GitHub Pages. To deploy:

1. **Using the deploy script (recommended):**

   ```bash
   npm run deploy
   # or
   yarn deploy
   ```

2. **Manual deployment:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   # Then upload the contents of the 'dist' folder to your GitHub Pages branch
   ```

### Important Notes

- The application now uses relative paths and will work regardless of the repository name
- SPA routing is handled automatically for GitHub Pages
- No configuration changes are needed when renaming the repository

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/) for providing the Pokémon data.
- [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/) for animations.
- [Recharts](https://recharts.org/) for data visualization.
